01.  git init: initializing a new git repo if code is already present there
02.  git status: to know branch status
03.  git add filename: adding modified file to stash(local cache)
04.  git add --all: adding add modified files to stash
05.  git rm --cached filename: remove the added file from stash
06.  git reset filename: to reset the a file as per its previous pulled condition and removing from stashed area
07.  git commit -m "message": commit a stashed memory/files
08.  git commit -a -m "message": add and commit with the message at a time
09.  git reset --soft HEAD: to uncommit the commits from local branch but keep the changes in local
10.  git add file_one.txt
		git commit -m "msg"
		git add file_two.txt
		git commit --amend -m "message": to modify the last commit and add second file also and can also change the message 
11.  git clone branch_url: create a clone of remote repo
12.  git checkout branch_name: create or checkout to a new local branch
		git push origin branch_name: pushing branch to remote
13.  git fetch: fetching all the new branches from remote to local
		git checkout new_branch: checkout to new branch
14.  git fetch branchname: fetch the exact branch from remote to local
15.  git branch -d branch_name: delete branch from local
16.  git branch -D branch_name: delete branch from local forcefully
17.  git config --global user.name "name": configure user name in global parameters
18.  git congig --global user.email "email@name.com": configure user email id
19.  git config --list: to view all configured list 
20.  git remote -v: view remote repo url
21.  git diff: show unstashed files (not added file) 
22.  git diff --cached: show added but uncommited files
23.  git diff COMMIT_ID_1 COMMIT_ID_2: show difference between two commits
24.  git pull: pull the changes or files from remote
25.  git log: recent log history
26.  git log: show recent last two commits
27.  git revert commit_id: revert the commit
		git push 
28.  git clean -f: delete all untracked files
29.  git clean -f -d: delete untracked files including directories
30.  git reset HEAD filename
31.  git reset HEAD 
32.  cat .git/HEAD: shows where head is currently pointing to
33.  git branch -a: lists all remote and local branches 
34.  create a project in local and push the code to remote repo:
		git init
		git add 
		git commit
		git remote add origin remoteRepoUrl
		git push origin master 
		
		
		changes made